feat(server): support watch publicDir in dev (#2174)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: website/docs/en/config/server/public-dir.mdx

Note that setting the value of `copyOnBuild` to false means that when you run `rsbuild preview` for a production preview, you will not be able to access the corresponding static resources.

Setting `watch` to `true` allows the development environment to watch changes to files in the specified public directory and reload the page when the files are changed:

```ts
export default {
  server: {
    publicDir: {
      name: 'static',
      watch: true,
    },
  },
};
```

> Note that the `watch` option is only valid in a development environment. If `dev.hmr` and `dev.liveReload` are both set to false, `watch` will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the `watch` option is only valid in the development build. If `dev.hmr` and `dev.liveReload` are both set to false, `watch` will be ignored.
```
